This is a solution video for the timing code section.
The first thing we have to do is add our name and date to the program.
I've done that here and then,
I marked that the task was done here.
Next, we needed to add the timing code within the main function.
Here, we could see where I set start time to time,
to indicate the time the program started.
Next, we see end time equal time,
to indicate the time the program ended.
Here, we compute the total runtime.
Tot time, equals end time minus start time.
Then we have two print statements.
The first print statement just prints the runtime in seconds.
This will be removed in the program after we do this check.
This is only to be used to check the formatting.
Here, we print the total runtime formatted in hour hour, minute minute,
second second like we learned in the timing code concept.
Note here, we have the sleep function set to 75 seconds.
This is just temporary code that will remove after we've checked the timing code.
This is just to simulate the program running for
75 seconds so we can check the timing and time formatting.
Now, we're going to check our code by running the program.
In the terminal window,
type Python, check images dot PY, and hit enter.
This will run your code.
We ran it for 75 seconds which was
formatted to a minute and 15 seconds which is expected.
Then, I did a second run where we ran it for
125 seconds which formatted to two minutes and five seconds which is also expected.
Please remember to remove the sleep function
and extra print statement before continuing on to the next section.